Snapsdocs (#289)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: docs/guide/common-terms.md

## Words are Hard

Every field has its terminology, and every specialization has its acronyms. You can't escape it.

> The decentralized web is certainly no exception, and if you're new to Web3, take a gander at MetaMask's [introduction to blockchain article](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360015489611) in our knowledgebase.

Reviewer: Should there be space between knowledge base?
```suggestion
The decentralized web is certainly no exception, and if you're new to Web3, take a gander at MetaMask's [introduction to blockchain article](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360015489611) in our knowledge base.
```
